Keshav Vinayak Jha
http://keshavvinayak01.github.io
Github : https://github.com/keshavvinayak01

Email : keshavvinayakjha@gmail.com
Mobile : +91 7678442691

Education
• Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University

Bachelor of Technology in Electronics and Communications; GPA: 3.13 (7.83/10)

• Cambridge School Indirapuram

PCM with Computer Science; Percentage:87

Dwarka, New Delhi
Aug. 2017 – Current
Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh
Aug. 2000 – July. 2017

Experience
• Datsme

Web Developer

NSUT (Formerly NSIT)
Sept 2018 - Jan 2019
◦ https://datsme.io: Built the Front end website of this NSUT incubated startup, which consists of 15+ custom

animations and effects coded in VanillaJS. The site was deployed on the cPanel of goDaddy and includes SSL
certification.
◦ Machine Learning and operations: Was part of the core team of this company, helped create the mapping
algorithm for finding people nearby and grouping them using clustering algorithms. Also helped in the continous
process of hiring new recruits and interviewing them.

• vKarma

Chief Technology Officer

NSUT (Formerly NSIT)
Jan 2019 - current

replacing classic administration handling systems.

management system, which is driven by its layer of users

◦ Development: Currently building the backend logic for the website of this product, which takes an aim at
◦ Tech Stack: Using HTML/CSS/JavaScript coupled with Python-Django and Google Analytics to create the
◦ FrontEnd Development: Created the Temporary Front End website of vKarma (vkarmadev.github.io), used
◦ Management: Responsible in the hiring process of new interns and team members, currently working with 3
◦ Attendance System: Working on creating an RFID based attendance management system using esp 8266

wordpress and custom css to create a simple view

website and android developers under my team.

mounted on nodeMCU, and corresponding sensors with blank RFID tags.

Projects
• StackOverflow Chatbot: Used jupyter notebooks and python to create a chatbot which answers queries regarding

programming by pointing the user to exact stackOverflow links. Used the pre-trained neural net provided by ChatterBot
and self made intent- recognizer,tf-idf and other algorithms to scaffold out this bot hosted on telegram using
amazon-EC2

• Dramatic Chatbot: Used self made GRU networks with and without variational attention to create a chatbot. The

dataset was provided by openSubs movies dataset and Cornell, Used the Drama category specifically to train in the
notebooks hosted on github.

• Blog post: Used Django and front end tools to create a Blog post which lets users sign up, create posts, comment on

them, and maintain a profile which includes their profile pic,bio and other details.

• Native Restaurant: Used React-Native (CRNA) and expo-cli to create an application for a fictious Restaurant, which

lets users signup, comment, favourite their dishes, and book reservations. Made use of Redux to maintain states.

Programming Skills
• Languages: Python, Javascript, C++, HTML/CSS
• Technologies: React/Redux, NodeJS, MongoDB, Django, git, TensorFlow, PyTorch

——————————————-

